::BaseAbilityScores
Основне Вредности

::HeavyWeapons_Full
снајпери и јуришне пушке, бацачи граната, митраљези, минигунови, ракетни лансери, мацоле и копља

::HeavyWeapons_HeavyDuty
снајпери и јуришне пушке, бацачи граната, митраљези, миниганови, ракетни лансери и мацоле

::HeavyWeapons_Expedition
снајпери и јуришне пушке, мацоле и копља

::HeavyWeapons_Base
снајпери и јуришне пушке и мацоле

::GeneralInfo
Ово је основа потенцијала сваког лика. Ове вредности се подешавају при креацији лика, али се могу током времена мало повећати. Оне утичу на много ствари у игри, укључујући ефективни ниво вештине. Такође, често је потребан одређени ниво једне или више ових основих вредности да би се неки фит узео.

::Strength
Снага мери сирову снагу лика. Она утиче на количину штете меле напада и колико лик може да понесе. Такође је веома битна за ликове који намеравају да користе тешко наоружање (као, на пример, {0}).

::Dexterity
тодо Dexterity measures character's reflexes, hand-eye coordination and finger nimbleness. It affects many things, such as operating locks, thievery, throwing and initiative.

It increases critical strike chance of melee attacks. High dexterity also reduces action point cost of unarmed and light weapons (pistols, SMGs, knives, throwing knives and fist weapons).

::Agility
тодо Agility represents character's reflexes, fleet-footedness, as well as affinity towards other athletic and acrobatic activities. Among other things it affects dodge, evasion, initiative and movement points. It also allows the character to move more quietly, increasing the stealth performance.

::Constitution
тодо Constitution represents the health and general stamina of your character. It is important for all types of characters, but especially for those who plan on making the armor suit their main defense. It also helps prevent or lessen the effects of poisons and diseases.

::Perception
тодо Perception represents character's ability to discern objects from far away as well as to notice hidden things in their vicinity. It helps the character to use ranged weapons more effectively, as well as detect hidden objects, passages and creatures.

::Will
тодо Will measures character's mental determination to see to his actions regardless of various mental difficulties, such as pain, suggestion and overwhelming odds, as well as to force his will onto others and the environment.

It heavily affects all psi disciplines as well as psi point regeneration.

::Will2
тодо Will measures character's mental determination to see to his actions regardless of various mental difficulties, such as pain, suggestion and overwhelming odds, as well as to force his will onto others and the environment.

It heavily affects the potency of all psi disciplines, as well as psi point regeneration.

::Intelligence
тодо Intelligence determines how well the character learns and reasons. It is important for a character that focuses on science as all disciplines are dependent on it.

It also determines the number of different psi abilities that can be invoked during combat and affects psi point regeneration.