::Skills
Skills

::AnyPsi
Any psi skill

::GeneralInfo
As your character levels up, they will receive a number of skill points that you can distribute in various areas. You may not invest more than 5 skill points (three times that at level one) per level in any given skill.

Each skill is affected by one of your character's base ability scores, but the amount of points you may invest in any skill is not restricted by them.

Some skills may benefit from others through skill synergy.

The number in brackets represents the skill level with all factors counted in.

::Guns
Increases your precision and damage with any type of pistol, SMG or rifle. This includes both firearms and energy weapons.

Also, the higher your skill level the more advanced weapons you can wield effectively.

::Guns_xpbl
Increases your precision and damage with any type of pistol, SMG, shotgun, or rifle. This includes both firearms and energy weapons.

Also, the higher your skill level the more advanced weapons you can wield effectively.

::Guns_xphw
Increases your precision and damage with any type of pistol, SMG, rifle, or grenade launcher. This includes both firearms and energy weapons.

Also, the higher your skill level the more advanced weapons you can wield effectively.

::Guns_full
Increases your precision and damage with any type of pistol, SMG, shotgun, rifle, or grenade launcher. This includes both firearms and energy weapons.

Also, the higher your skill level the more advanced weapons you can wield effectively.

::Heavy Guns
Increases your precision and damage with machine guns and handheld miniguns.

Also, the higher your skill level the more advanced weapons you can wield effectively.

::Crossbows
Increases your precision and damage with crossbows. 

::Grenades-Old
Allows you to throw grenades more quickly, more often and across greater distance.

::Throwing
Increases your precision with all thrown weapons and utilities, including grenades.

::Melee
Increases mechanical damage with melee weapons and unarmed attacks and helps you overcome your target's dodge rating.

::Dodge
Increases your chance to avoid melee attacks.

::Evasion
Increases your chance to avoid a ranged attack. Reduces damage you receive from area of effect attacks.

::Stealth
Decreases the chance that you'll be spotted while in stealth mode. Also affects numerous aspects of stealth combat.

::Hacking
Allows you to hack all kinds of computer devices, such as electronic locks, cameras, sentry turrets, etc.

::Lockpicking
Allows you to pick mechanical locks and dismantle other mechanical barriers such as ventilation shafts.

::Pickpocketing
Allows you to steal items from other characters.

::Mechanics
Represents your knowledge of mechanics. This skill is primarily used in crafting various items, such as weapons, armors and traps.

::Electronics
Represents your knowledge of electronics. This skill is primarily used in crafting various items, such as various electronic utilities and energy weapons.

::Chemistry
Represents your knowledge of chemistry. This skill is primarily used in crafting various items, such as explosives.

::Biology
Represents your knowledge of biology. This skill is primarily used in crafting various items, such as healing and psi restoring concoctions. It also enables you to extract useful substances from plants and animals.

::Tailoring
Represents your skill in tailoring leather and cloth materials into pieces of armor.

::Thought Control
Ability to influence the minds of other living creatures through mental suggestion and domination. Also the ability to focus and enhance your own mental processes and to take greater control of your body.

::Psychokinesis
Ability of the mind to exert mechanical force, as well as to emit electric currents and project electromagnetic fields.

::Metathermics
Ability of mind to initiate and control rapid temperature changes and harness exothermic and endothermic energies.

::Temporal Manipulation
Ability of mind to manipulate time or time perception on very local level, including partial time suspension, reversal and recurrence.

::Persuasion
Your ability to convince the other party to see things your way through non-violent means.

::Intimidation
Your ability to make someone act out of fear.

::Mercantile
Your ability to work out favorable prices in a business transaction.

::Traps
Allows you to plant and disarm increasingly more powerful traps. The higher your skill is the harder your traps are to spot and disarm.

Also increases your chance of spotting traps.